Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to go over some of the news that's going on in the world right now.
I told Braden, I said, "Every single day there's something new of all the signs of the times.
" You know, I just think it's amazing where we are.
And I want to say this, how important it is that you're led by the spirit of God in your own personal life.
Every single day hearing him, every single day having fellowship with him, that you are abiding in him and his words are remaining in you.
Make sure you're getting in that Bible.
Make sure you're getting in the word of God more than you are even on a YouTube channel or following somebody else.
I hear so many different people.
Well, you know, I'll just say what the Lord said today as I was praying.
I was out and I was working, and he said there's so many people that used to visit him every single day, big ministers that have huge platforms that haven't had a fresh word from God in a long time.
And he said upon their door, upon the arch of their door is the word Ichabod.
Many of them have had an Ichabod in their ministry.
And there's a lot of people that are being led by people who haven't had a fresh word from God in a long time.
They're living off a stale manna.
They're living off a stale word.
And this is concerning the prophetic and a lot of—and I always say a lot of the elders—this is happening a lot with a lot of the people that are not being in the river.
They're getting a stale word and the Lord said they are upset about the words that you're getting and the words that I'm warning about to pray about.
And I want to say this right off: there's so many new faces.
I had over—I don't know how many thousand people in the month of May join us.
I think it was like four or five thousand new faces.
And so I want to say this right off the bat.
I don't label myself a prophet.
I'm not a self-proclaimed prophet.
There's a lot of people that want to label me and say, "Brandon, you're a prophet.
You're this.
You're that.
" I have not had anybody ordain me as a prophet and say, "You're a prophet of God.
You're this or that.
" You know, I just stay in my lane.
This is what the Lord did say.
He said, "I want you to go on YouTube and I want you to pray and I want you to bring forth a prayer army of a million people.
And in doing so, I will show you things as a watchman on the wall of that which is to come.
And you will pray and you will change things.
And I want you to call your church, this online church, Prayer Changes Things.
That's my foundation.
" The Prayer Changes Things foundation—it's not a foundation, it's the foundation of prayer.
And that's why we brought it forth to say call it a prayer foundation.
You must have a prayer foundation in your life in these last days.
A foundation of prayer.
And raising up a million men and women to pray every single day.
We try.
I have other things I'm doing and we really do try to bank it every day.
I do get breaks and I have to feed myself spiritually.
You dump out and dump out and dump out.
Two hours a night, two and a half hours is a lot.
But we're growing and a lot of people don't know who I am.
And so I just keep trying to make that clear to everybody that I feel that my job as a watchman is to bring forth things.
The Lord shows me to pray for it, and I feel our main mission is America a lot.
People are upset: "Brandon, please pray for Africa.
Please pray for Australia.
" When the Lord puts it on my heart to pray for it, my primary focus right now is to get President Trump across the finish line.
I know we have a population of only 340 million people and there's billions more people out there, but God will raise up more prayer people in those nations.
I truly believe there's other prayer people that God is raising up that just haven't been obedient to what he's asked them to do.
He didn't leave your nation without prayer warriors.
God said, "Brandon, I want you to pray for President Trump.
" And I have a lot of words concerning President Trump to pray for him, concerning his health, concerning his mental well-being, concerning demonic attacks against him.
So, if it comes across as I have a lot of words, that's because that's my assignment.
What's your assignment?
You stick to your assignment.
If you don't want to pray for America, I pray for America.
I pray for Canada.
I pray for Mexico.
I pray for Brazil.
I pray for South America.
I feel I'm called—you've noticed I've prayed for everybody.
But my main focus is to make sure President Trump makes his mission.
And right now, I told you that 25th Amendment was what they were after.
They want to overthrow him with a coup.
And the Lord said, "Pray for him to make it across the finish line concerning his term.
For they will try to throw him out before it's over.
If they don't take him out with a pow-pow or some kind of event, they will try to do the 25th Amendment: He's not fit for office.
" And today, every single thing I see—look how he's fallen asleep at the New York Knicks game.
Well, maybe the Knicks game was boring, you know?
I don't know.
Oh, he's falling asleep and everybody's upset saying he needs—this guy, he made fun of Sleepy Joe and now he's not fit for office anymore because he's falling asleep and they're just ridiculing him all over the place today and he needs to be investigated.
This is what I told you was coming.
What the spirit of the Lord said, he said the 25th Amendment, they're going to try to use it in the days ahead.
They're really going to try to work on this.
And this is why it's so vital for the elections concerning November.
If we do not maintain the House and the Senate, he's in trouble.
The Lord said it.
And so I saw us losing the Senate.
I saw us keeping the House.
I saw us losing the Senate by three seats.
I still keep praying over these three seats that they will flip Democrat and I'm praying over that we'll have a fair election.
But if we do not get out and vote and vote with a God mentality, a God-inspired Bible-based mentality of our candidates—not voting for, "Well, they have social programs and they have this and that.
" No.
How do they stand on abortion?
How do they stand on homosexuality?
How do they stand on things that are unbiblical?
That's what you need to be looking at.
How are they?
I would say a lot with abortion and things like that.
How do they vote?
What do they speak?
What do they say?
That's what I mean.
And so people say, "You get too political.
" Yes, it's a political year.
This is a very important year.
2027, you won't hear me talk about politics as much, but I know in my heart how serious this election is concerning 2026 and 2028.
When I was out and I was listening to the Holy Spirit today, I was just praying.
"For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons of God.
" And if you are a child of the most high God, you are led by the spirit of God.
He will lead you and he will guide you here.
Romans 8.
You need to know this.
"For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
" So if you're led by his spirit, he's going to talk to you every day.
If you're not hearing the Holy Spirit on your life circumstances, on everyday issues, you're not being led by him.
So, if you are led by the spirit of God, how can you be led by somebody you only hear once a month?
You're not being led by the spirit of God if you only hear him once every year.
You're led by the spirit of God.
For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
You know you're his whenever he's talking to you.
So you need to be listening to him on every area and every issue of your life.
"Well, I don't know, Brandon.
I never hear.
" I would check my thermostat.
Check your spiritual thermostat.
Where are you with the Lord?
How much are you spending time with Him?
You know, if I only spent time every couple of days or every other day with Diana, my wife, and we didn't have any intimacy—we didn't talk, we didn't have anything, just, 'Hey, how are you doing?
Bye, see you later'—you're not going to have a good relationship.
But when you're in love with somebody and you're in hot pursuit of her like you were when you were dating, don't let that fire burn out, gentlemen.
Pursue your wife like you did when you were dating her.
Pursue her.
Don't say, 'Well, I have her now, I don't have to pursue her anymore.
' I pursue my wife all the time.
I tried to dance with her today.
I said, 'Let's put on some music.
Let's dance in the foyer.
' And she just goes, 'You want to dance?
' I said, 'Yeah, we have to make time to dance.
Let's just dance together.
' And she looked at me.
But that's just me; I think about things.
How do you make it fresh?
What's dance?
Ballroom dance.
I don't know how to dance worth anything, but Paisley thinks it's fun.
She likes to see Daddy and Mommy dance.
But I try to create an atmosphere of love, even if it's just not there.
How do you do that in a relationship with the Lord?
'I feel dry today.
I don't know.
' No, no, no.
I'm in hot pursuit of Him.
What are you reading?
What are you meditating on?
What's coming through your eye gates?
Are you watching filth?
Are you watching things that grieve Him?
Are you meditating on things that grieve Him?
Are you scrolling on social media all day instead of spending time with Him?
Take time to sit at the feet of Jesus every day.
I'm talking in your spirit: 'I'm here.
I want You.
I need You.
' I don't care what you're doing—if you're pulling weeds, if you're cleaning your car—spend time with Him.
As many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons and daughters of God.
So you know when you're led by the Spirit because He's going to talk to you.
He doesn't lead—you cannot be led by somebody unless they lead you.
Have you ever seen a horse be led by a bridle by the bit in his mouth?
It turns him every which way.
But the rider is leading the horse, even by a rope.
And it doesn't happen just every once in a while.
The horse is being led all the time whenever it's in submission to the person who's in control of it, right?
The Holy Spirit is the same way.
I let Him lead me, and I allow Him.
I practice His presence.
I pray, 'Lord, where do you want me to be today?
What else do I...
Lord, how can I find something to sell on eBay?
What do you have for me today?
How can I flip something?
' You know, eBay—if I could find something bigger instead of trying to find...
You know, I was trying to find old autographs by certain people, looking for Jack Coe autographs, looking for things that would be important to me.
You know, I have hobbies, and you look and say, 'I want to find old Kathryn Kuhlman autographs or an Oral Roberts autograph,' things that are fun, you know, to put on a plaque—just things that are important to me, people that I respect.
I'd like to have Billy Burke's signature, you know, put it on the wall.
You can just look at it when you put it in the office where you do your paperwork, or on your wall in your bathroom.
I don't know.
So I just think of things that are important, and that's just talking to Him about all this stuff: 'Lord, help me.
I want to know You more.
' So, those that are led by His Spirit are His.
So, if you're not hearing Him every day for what's coming, that's where I'm getting to.
The Lord said, 'In two years, everything's going to look really, really different, Brandon.
And in the natural, if you don't teach them how to dip in the river, this is going to be a time of sorrows.
' Sorrows are coming, sorrows for the world.
And on the threshold of a door, there's much Ichabod in a lot of ministers right now.
They don't have any fresh wine, and they don't have any new wineskins.
Their wineskins are dry, and they criticize when you see a fresh thing because they're so dry and stagnant, and they don't know what to do because they are so used to it.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, back when they first started, they were on fire for Me, but in the course of time, they've let the cares of what everybody else thinks choke out My voice.
They don't hear Me every day.
' And that's scary.
That's a scary thing, you all.
'Well, I don't hear Him every day.
' No.
Spend time with Him like you would, like I said, your wife or your husband.
Spend time with that person.
Be in hot pursuit of them: 'Oh, babe, how are you doing?
' or texting or calling, 'Let's go out on a date.
Hey, I'm coming by tonight.
Let's go out and have ice cream or something.
' You know, you always want to be around that person when it's fresh and you're dating them.
How much do you want to pursue your Father?
How much more do you pursue Jesus and the Holy Spirit?
'I need You every moment of every day.
I don't want to make a decision without Your input on it.
' It was concerning my daughter, and I hadn't really inquired of Him concerning the decision concerning Megan.
And I was out, and He said, 'You didn't inquire of Me.
' I said, 'Yeah.
Did You have an opinion about it?
You did, didn't you?
I'm really sorry.
' He said, 'You make the wrong choice on some things.
' And He said, 'I want you to do this and this and this.
' And He said, 'You must learn to inquire of Me for every single thing you do.
It's never a burden.
' But He has an opinion about everything you do in your life—what tires you put on your car: 'Well, those aren't very good ones.
They're not going to last very long.
' What brakes: 'Well, I don't know about those.
' Inquire of Him, even if it seems obnoxious.
'Where should I eat today?
' 'Don't eat at that place.
' I've been in places where He'll go, 'Don't eat here.
' I said, 'Well, Lord, what's going on?
' He goes, 'It's not clean anymore.
They're dirty in there.
You don't want them touching your food today.
' I said, 'Really?
I've been here a lot.
' He said, 'You didn't inquire of Me.
' That's great.
That's really nasty, and I really appreciate that, but I will make sure I inquire of you because that really grossed me out.
I was like, you know, and He'll say stuff like that: 'Don't eat there today, son.
They're not clean.
It's dirty in there and you don't know it.
There's food poisoning in there.
Don't eat that.
' And I'll be sitting there quiet, and Diana goes, 'Why did you just drive off?
' I said, 'Because He said, "Don't eat it.
"' And there have been times when I have paid for food and was waiting through the drive-thru in my car, and I'll just drive off because He said, 'Get out of here.
What are you doing?
' And I said, 'Oh, well, somebody's got a free meal.
' But it was that important.
And He said, 'Don't eat it,' but I didn't inquire of Him.
Inquire of the Lord.
And some people go, 'Well, that gets real flaky.
' No, no, no.
I practice His presence.
That's how vital it is.
'Where do you want me to be?
Who do you want me talking to?
Who do you want in my inner circle?
' He has an opinion about everybody.
He has an opinion about everything.
'What are you listening to?
What are you feeding on?
' He will lead you and guide you into all truth.
The scripture says the Holy Spirit will lead and guide you into all things.
There are some of you elders that have memorized so much scripture.
You know more scripture than I could ever comprehend.
You know, but like you said, the Lord said, 'They've forgotten more scripture than you've ever known.
' But you've let your thermostat get cold.
And I'm not criticizing, but he said, 'Brandon, tell them they must hear me every day.
' So if you see visions, he said, 'Your old men will dream dreams and your young men will have visions.
' So don't get ticked off when Joel chapter 2 is happening.
Acts...
'And it shall come to pass in the last days.
' Did you get it?
'And it shall come to pass in the last days, I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh.
' No, I already had it up there.
This one.
What?
'For howbeit, when the Spirit of truth is come, he will guide you into all truth.
He shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come.
' He didn't say he'd show you just every once in a while.
He's going to show you all things.
He's going to show you, as long as you're dipping in the river, he's going to show you things to come.
It's scripture.
He's going to show you that which is to come.
We see in part, hear in part.
We don't hear at all.
We get arrogant.
But as we pursue him with hot pursuit, he'll show you things to come.
And people don't hear him at all.
And there's a lot of ministers who don't hear him at all either.
And he will show you things to come, sir.
Right.
So that's what you want.
So John, what was the other one?
Acts, I like that one.
Joel chapter 2 is one that he said, in the last days, I'll pour out my spirit on all flesh.
But here in Acts, 'And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions.
' I still fit in that young man category, obviously.
And your old men shall dream dreams.
He didn't say how many you'd have.
He said dream dreams.
It's plural.
It's a lot.
Have visions, have a lot in the last days.
So guess what?
I'm fulfilling the part of Acts 2.
So get over it, right?
If you're choking on it, that's your problem, not mine.
Just know it's scripture.
If you can't handle it, read your Bible more, sir.
So there you go.
Acts 2.
It's the truth.
Maybe they need to get old and have some dreams.
So there you go.
So let's go on.
Yeah, this is Joel.
This is Joel chapter 2.
'Afterward, I will pour out my spirit on all, on your sons and your daughters, and they will prophesy.
Your old men will dream dreams.
Your young men will see visions.
Even on my servants, both men and women, I will pour out my spirit in those days.
I will show wonders in heavens and on the earth: blood and fire and billows of smoke.
The sun will be turned to darkness and the moon to blood before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord.
And everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.
' Praise the Lord.
So we're just doing what the Holy Spirit told us we were going to do.
So it's time for us to be who God said we could be and be it with all our hearts.
So if you aren't hearing and you're not seeing, check your thermostat.
Check your thermostat because he's talking all the time.
Oral Roberts' book, 'The Ultimate Voice'—one of my favorite books—says God is always talking to his people.
God is always talking to his people.
So people say, 'Ah, hardy har.
' They hear more words than the people in the Bible heard.
Hardy har.
They don't.
They have more words than the prophets in the Bible.
I didn't say I was a prophet, but those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
So I'm led by the spirit.
How does he lead you?
With that still, small voice on the inside of you and by his word.
So if you're hearing him and your pool's not dry, you'll hear him, too.
Maybe you've got to check your thermostat, sir.
So there you go.
All right.
So let's move on.
You have the articles in the news, people.
It's not a rant, I'm trying to help you.
Okay.
And then Ukraine.
And then we have the UK.
Okay.
Do you have your microphone on?
Braden doesn't like having the microphone on.
He's pretty private.
But I told him, I said, 'The people like to hear you.
' And I told him, I said, 'You run this as long as you want.
I want him to do it tonight, and I want you to show them what you found.
I'm going to let them go with it.
Go.
No rush.
' 'Okay.
Yeah.
So you have the...
the birds, and then I don't know which one you want to go over.
' 'Let's go over it all.
' 'Okay.
So there's a bunch of birds.
What's going on with the birds, son?
' 'On the coast of...
vultures falling from the sky off the coast of Florida near...
they really...
' 'Yeah.
So they're saying there's a bunch of vultures on the coast of Florida.
Are they dead?
' 'Yeah.
' 'Oh, no.
That's terrible.
They don't know what caused it.
They don't know what caused the birds to die.
I always remember Pastor Paul Begley talks about a prophecy in Hosea.
He says that the birds will start to die and the fish and all this stuff because of sin.
Remember Pastor Paul Begley?
I talked to Pastor Paul on the phone.
He was talking about stuff like that, about, I think it was Hosea.
He said there's a prophecy in Hosea talking about the earth and the animals dying because of stuff.
Okay.
So what's this one, baby?
' 'Okay.
And then Zelenskyy met the Prime Minister of Sweden, I believe.
No, not Sweden...
Zelenskyy—yeah, he visited Sweden today.
So he's just making his rounds.
Zelenskyy is going around.
He met the King.
He met the Prime Minister of England.
He met Germany.
He's going around, talking to everybody.
Sweden today...
who else?
There's somebody else.
' 'Oh, the King of England.
' 'Yeah, yesterday.
King Charles.
' 'And today he's asking for support from Sweden.
' 'Yes.
' 'For drones.
He wants help to bomb Russia.
' 'Yeah.
So they're signing stuff.
' 'So they're all signing things, and Sweden is giving them weapons.
' 'Yeah.
Ukraine and Latvia signed a drone cooperation agreement aimed at expanding cooperation in unmanned systems.
So he wants to buy more drones from Sweden today.
So he's just been real busy.
I told you I saw World War III above Europe, and I said it's coming from the bankers and this guy right here, and I said they're going to try to accelerate it.
I saw they were doing satanic practices in Germany, in Berlin, to bring forth the Mahdi, to bring forth the Hitler spirit over Europe with the Pergamon Altar.
Okay, go ahead.
' 'So Russia attacks us mostly, 650 drones plus from 35 to 100 missiles per day, and we respond.
Of course, we don't have for today a competitive number, but we use 300, 350.
Yes, we will have—when we will increase funding—we will have a competitive number to respond to them.
And of course, Russia understands that we will have 600, 100, or plus drones and missiles.
They will feel this war like we feel, but they will feel it at home.
' 'Yeah.
So he's saying they're going to feel it.
Yeah, he's saying they're going to feel it.
Okay.
And then...
' 'All right.
And then he struck an oil facility.
' 'Who, Zelenskyy?
' 'Ukraine.
They struck an oil facility in Russia.
' 'Yeah.
' 'I don't know.
So more oil facilities being struck in Russia by Zelenskyy.
I don't know if they're saying something.
Wow.
Probably cursing.
' 'Yeah.
' 'That is...
' 'Wow.
' 'Yeah.
Major fire.
' 'Yes.
So that's what's going on in Russia, right?
And then he sent like a whole thing of drones and stuff to Russia.
' 'Mhm.
' 'Yeah.
And then I don't know what this is, but Russia, they had like an evacuation or something.
' I couldn't figure this out, but they had all these people go out of this building or something from drones and stuff.
Yeah.
And then they had naval drills in the Baltic Sea during a major NATO exercise.
That's what Russia did.
Yeah.
Okay.
And then there's protesting in the UK.
Wow.
So they're still burning stuff.
Well, that's not France; it's spreading to the United Kingdom now.
Yeah.
But they're mad about immigration.
So they're burning the buses.
Yes.
Yeah.
Because something really bad happened, like an Islamist guy.
He went and was trying to do bad things, like trying to behead somebody or something like that.
I said they're going to start to burn the churches in Europe.
I saw them burning churches.
They were burning.
They're going to burn them in America.
I saw them burning them in Canada, Toronto specifically.
I saw the Muslim people rising up, rising up and burning major Christian churches, Catholic churches—places of worship that were really old were on fire and burnt to the ground in the days ahead.
And I saw a poking of a giant coming.
So now they're burning mass transit.
At least they're not burning churches.
Okay.
What's going on here?
Yeah, the same thing.
So they're just upset.
Yeah.
They burnt his car.
I don't know why it does that.
Yeah, they would have trash can fires.
I sure love my friend Billy Burke; he just texted me.
Yeah.
And then Iran attacked the chopper or whatever.
And then Trump, where is it?
Did they die?
I don't know.
My gosh.
What is that, baby?
That's the US striking back.
This thing ain't over with.
I know he's saying it because it's an election year, but he keeps saying, 'We have a peace agreement.
We're not going to have any more bombs go off.
We're going to stop this.
' And that is not a peace agreement.
There's no peace there.
They're bombing our stuff.
That is nuts.
Sister Billye and them are in Israel right now.
Billye Brim and the WWP, she has a group over there, and Pastor Candace and Chip and some other folks.
They're all over there, right?
Shelli and them.
And from what I saw, they were in a bomb shelter last night for 45 minutes seeking shelter because they were bombing Israel last night or was it the night before?
Maybe.
They were on the Sea of Galilee, I believe, last night.
And so they were taking communion and doing things on the Sea of Galilee, which looked amazing.
I thought, 'What a moment,' because the sun was setting and Sister Billye had her white linen shirt on and she was speaking.
I just thought, and Pastor Candace looked like she was giving a prophetic word.
It was anointed.
You talk about somebody who flows in the spirit of God; Pastor Candace flows in the spirit of God.
Amazing.
And I was like, 'Oh, what a...
I would love to be there.
' I thought, 'Wasn't that so cool?
' As they were sitting on that boat and they're out there, and it looked like they're having dinner or something.
I don't know what was going on, but what a fun trip to those that got to go.
I hope you took a lot of pictures.
Maybe I'll see them at church.
But wow, they were in a bomb shelter and they were hiding there for 45 minutes.
They had to go down there or whatever because they were sending rockets over.
So they actually experienced what the Israeli people—the Jewish people, whatever—experience over there, and you could hear the explosions going off from the interceptions from the dome.
So they said...
but yeah, go ahead.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, they're saying...
but they're saying that he was saved.
Who?
They're saying that a guy that was in the helicopter was saved by a drone.
Oh well, praise the Lord.
A boat or something.
Yeah, that's what they're saying.
Well, I'm glad he's okay.
Thank you, Father, for protecting our troops.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Okay, keep going.
I like this.
Anything else, then?
Show those videos, baby.
Yeah, I was.
Yeah, I don't see them.
What is that, hun?
That's, I think, a retaliatory US air defense system.
It's the US air defense system and Iranian ballistic missiles over...
So they're saying it's their defense, like it's defense.
Mhm.
Yeah.
And then I think they're saying Iran has a ballistic missile or something.
See, they didn't...
that's not like the one I saw.
I saw a black rocket that had a payload on it that was the size of the explosion that went off at Hiroshima.
And the Lord said, 'This is something that they know they have.
This is not ignorance anymore.
I keep praying about these chemical weapons being used again on Israel in the days ahead.
An attack worse than October the 7th is coming at night.
' And people say, 'Can you stop it?
' Every single vision that I've had is that it happens, but praying over it is to pray for the protection of these people.
But it's like we pray and we saw things...
how many days prior did we see about October the 7th?
Does anybody remember all those times we prayed over it and I said something major is about to happen in Israel, and it happened?
And all those women and children...
we didn't stop it.
It happened, and regardless, I know we can stop some things, but the Lord said, 'You will not stop everything.
Some things will happen.
' So I'm not trying to be doom and gloom; I'm just trying to have reality here.
Some things are not stopped.
And we prayed over that October the 7th attack for months prior, and I said something—a big...
something major is about to happen in Israel.
You can go back and watch the videos, and we talked about it.
I said something's going to happen.
I could see it, and then it manifested.
Same thing again.
I hear it.
Something worse than October 7th is coming.
The Lord said, 'Pray.
' That's why He said Billye and them are over there right now praying.
So we will pray for a complete fizzling out of every plot, every plan, every pursuit across the land of Israel, Jerusalem—all of it.
I saw a major earthquake about to happen, and a shaking to awaken.
And I saw the Dome of the Rock split with a major earthquake.
Okay, keep going, honey.
I'm sorry.
No, no, sorry.
And then this is them saying this is the US Central Command forces began launching self-defense strikes against Iran at p.
m.
Eastern Standard Time today at the Commander-in-Chief's direction in response to yesterday's downing of a US Army helicopter—an Apache helicopter.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
Interesting.
What is that?
This is Russia.
They saw all these mosquitoes.
Look.
Are those mosquitoes?
Yeah.
Bill Gates has been busy over there.
Braden, that looks like something out of biblical times.
That's what they said, a biblical swarm.
So Bill Gates is releasing his stuff on Russia.
I'm trying to be funny.
I don't think it was Bill Gates privately, but it could be...
Was it Google that said they were going to do that?
Yeah, it was Google that said they want to release millions of mosquitoes.
So they released them in Russia.
They didn't do it in California.
They did a test run.
Braden, can you imagine walking through that?
They would eat you alive.
You would feel like you were a pincushion.
It's like you need some Off!
Can you imagine spraying it?
The Orkin man like there.
See all those?
That's amazing.
I bet there's like how many million mosquitoes?
That is crazy.
That's really gross.
Yeah, boy.
The birds would love that.
They're saying use a flamethrower.
Yeah, burn them up.
Who said that?
Yeah, just burn them up.
Next.
That's incredible.
Okay, I'm trying to figure...
that is just in Japan.
What is that?
SBI Bank is set to let customers convert a portion of their deposits into XRP.
Yeah, they're saying XRP, while a pilot launch starting June 10th...
they're saying XRP, Ethereum, so I think Bitcoin, the the Sooners.
Yeah, not financial advice.
I never give financial advice, but look at the Sooners.
All in my opinion.
Look at the Sooners.
Japan, South Korea, Japan—here it is.
Look at that.
It is said to let customers convert a portion of their deposit into XRP.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
What is that?
They're saying part of a major SBI group, Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP as a passive reward on everyday saving.
They're going to do that.
Wow.
The Sooners—people say, "What does the Sooners mean?
" In Oklahoma, we had a land run to take the land.
And the people who took the land before the land run started at 12 noon on Saturday of that day, whenever they had it, the people stole the land ahead of time.
They were before.
And the Lord said, "This is like the Boomer Sooners.
Japan will be a boomer sooner like it is with OU.
It's Oklahoma history.
" And so they took the land.
Japan and South Korea, the Lord said, will be sooners and they will go before America.
The 10th.
When's the 10th, baby?
Tomorrow.
Oh, tomorrow.
Well, good for them.
All in our opinion, huh?
Interesting.
Next.
That one guy.
Who?
Oh, yeah.
Go ahead and play that.
See, this is what I told you.
The 25th Amendment.
Okay.
Go ahead, play it.
The president of the United States is not well.
We can see it with our own eyes.
He has tremendous difficulty staying awake on the job.
Donald Trump has repeatedly fallen asleep at multiple cabinet meetings, at multiple White House events, at a Memorial Day ceremony, and most recently at a very loud and raucous New York Knicks-San Antonio Spurs game last night.
The White House needs to come clean to the American people.
They need to explain why Donald Trump keeps going to the hospital and why they keep giving him cognitive tests.
The American people deserve the truth.
The president of the United States is not well.
Oh, this is what the Lord said they would do, and I saw it ramping up big time.
Okay.
So, when I was praying today and the loudness of when the Holy Spirit said—He said, "It's going to be so vital that you are led by the Spirit of God in these days ahead.
" He said over the next two years—I heard some things in the spirit that shook me.
And when I was sitting there and praying in the spirit today, just listening, He showed me about this storm, I'll call it the storm.
I call it the storm.
So it would be summer of 2028.
Summer of 2028, a storm.
Praying about the storm.
Concerning summer of 2028, a black upon the land, a darkness upon the buildings, a darkness.
I saw something dark.
And I've talked about the plague how many times?
And I saw forced vaccinations, forced—another thing like COVID is what I want to call it, but worse.
And I saw a planned event trying to take place.
And so, what I saw was very, very—it shook me, being—do you remember last time that there were certain cities that were better than others in America?
Like if you lived in San Francisco, it was a bad day.
If you lived in Oklahoma, it wasn't so bad.
So if you lived in New York, it was bad.
Or if you live where Rodney Howard-Browne was, they tried to throw you in jail for having church, right?
And so you have to be led by the Spirit of God.
And that's why we were praying over this last time we were together, praying over being where God's called you to be for your house to sell.
If you believe God has called you to live in a certain area and you feel that God has released you from a certain area, that you'll have favor to find a job and you'll have favor to sell your home and to move where God's called you to be.
Being led by the Spirit, He may say, "I want you to put your roots down so deep here, you'll be here the rest of your life until I come.
" Or He could be saying, "It's time for you to pack up and be like the Beverly Hillbillies and go where that is.
" You know, you got the Beverly Hillbillies—Granny's on top of the wagon and everybody's going to Beverly Hills.
You know, they left Missouri or whatever it was.
It's time for you to pack up.
It might be time for you to relocate.
You got Granny on top of it.
Did anybody ever watch these old shows?
I loved Wilbur and—I was thinking about Mr.
Ed, you know.
Nick at Nite is what it was.
They always had those old I Love Lucys and things like that, Carol Burnett Show or whatever.
The old shows that weren't bad.
They didn't seem—they slept in separate beds on the show in the same room, you know, husband and wife because it was so pure back then.
You know, the Honeymooners, I guess it was.
There are so many different kinds of shows.
That short you worked on—did you have that done?
I'm sorry.
Which one?
The one you were working on last night with me giving the word about the Build-a-Baby.
Did you finish that?
Yes, I already have that short.
Yeah, play that.
I was proud of you.
You did a good job.
Well, I saw you working on it.
I'm always spying on you.
But no, go ahead and look at this.
Braden did this last night.
You already saw this, though.
You're reacting to it.
Yeah.
Oh, is that me?
Recently?
Yeah.
Man, I still got to lose weight.
And you're talking about the—I'm trying and all that.
Yeah, I'm trying.
We gave many words about that.
Keep it down.
But Billy Burke, what he texted me just a second ago, he said, "I want you to tell your people He's going to do a meeting in Tulsa.
" He said, "I feel very strong about holding a meeting in Tulsa.
" He wants to hold it, I believe, at ORU at the Mabee or the hotel.
And he's wanting to see if people wanted to be a part of it.
But I know there's many of you that are desperate for a move of God in your life.
And if you want a move of God in your life and you're wanting a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost, I would go to a Billy Burke meeting.
He's going to come to you.
He's coming to all kinds of places.
His itinerary is places he's never been before.
And that's interesting to me because of where the Lord is leading him to do new places and new faces.
And so, exciting times, I believe, with Billy Burke Ministries in the days ahead.
And he said, "Brendon, I really feel strong about Tulsa.
There's things about Tulsa.
" I want him to come here like every month.
Wouldn't that be cool to have like a round-the-clock?
I said, "You—he could stay with me.
I would love him to come and to stay at my house, man.
I love Billy Burke, you know, he's just my friend.
" But I thought, wouldn't that be wonderful if he came at least quarterly to Tulsa, every quarter, have a healing service in Tulsa?
I told him, I said, "Man, I would just love to have that here, to start that.
" What's the domino to push this over for the revival that I've seen coming to the Mabee Center?
What's this new river?
The Lord said to us, "I'm uncapping the wells of revival.
I'm uncapping the wells of revival.
" There's been a cap.
And I saw Oral Roberts and Jack Coe—I might mess up their names—and William Branham and all the others, they would get up to the well and they would get a little cup and they drank from it.
Kathryn Kuhlman had a little cup and she drank from it.
But the Lord said, "Brandon, your generation, this generation is going to go to the deep of the well.
You're going to go deep in this well and you're going to drink all you can drink.
Saturate yourself in this.
You're going to be wet with this presence, you know, when you're just underneath that waterfall.
" And Diana and I—she said, "Let's look back," because we feel like Billy Burke is a unicorn, you know, as far—I hate to say that, but it's like the last unicorn.
You have the last one.
You don't see very many people operating that way very much anymore.
You have just a few that flow with that old well of revival, like Kathryn Kuhlman and them.
We were looking at A.
A.
Allen's old videos last night; that's what we were watching after I got finished here until I went to bed.
I watched A.
A.
Allen, and R.
W.
Schambach was an offspring of A.
A.
Allen and started following him around when he was in his 20s.
And when A.
A.
Allen went home, R.
W.
Schambach kept going.
But he went home when he was in his 40s, or whatever R.
W.
Schambach was.
So then I looked at Rod Parsley and some of these others.
And you had Smith Wigglesworth, then there was Lester Sumrall and Mama Jenkins.
Mama Jenkins was off of Lester, who was off of Smith Wigglesworth.
And then you had Kathryn Kuhlman, who is Billy Burke and Benny Hinn, and there were people, and it showed her—it was Sister Woodworth-Etter who Smith Wigglesworth listened to and went on.
And it had the lineage, and Brett Dino and I were going over all these people that were underneath these people and learned from them.
And the anointing, it's cross-pollination.
It's cross-pollination.
You can see the cross-pollination through ministries.
You can see where they flowed and the vein.
But the Lord showed us last night, you see these veins from the past are dying off now; there's not much more of it left.
You've got one, you know, that is really, really going.
But He said, 'Brandon, it's because I'm going to do something new.
It's not about cross-pollination so much with some of these older ones like Jack Coe and all these others.
' He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to do something I've never done before.
You're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before—healings and demonstrations, and there will be nothing you can compare it to.
Well, is it like this or like that?
Why does it seem like it's dying off?
Because behold, I'm going to do something new.
Can these bones live?
What is it?
The valley.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
It's something you've never ever experienced.
Are you ready?
And that's why, it's the first domino.
What does it take?
What is it going to be?
I have such an anticipation for the manifested presence of God in our lives.
Isn't that wonderful?
I get excited about it.
So, Braden, did you have anything else you wanted to play?
'No, I just had this.
' Okay, be right back.
Play video.
'I know, but you can talk to New Zealand.
' Wait, sorry.
New Zealand had an earthquake.
It was a 6.
0.
Yeah, I just found this.
I think it just happened like an hour ago or something.
New Zealand had a 6.
0 right here.
Incredible.
It was in the water, so I don't know if it shook New Zealand.
Is anybody watching from New Zealand?
Did y'all feel it?
Yeah, I don't know if you could feel it in Australia.
Ring of Fire.
I guess I'll have to see the aftershocks of it or the effects of it, but I don't have it.
Yeah, it's always in the water.
Just feeds.
I was trying to find my stuff, like I was trying to show these books.
I had 'The Ultimate Voice'—you all need to read that book.
Diana has it, and she has been reading stuff to me.
We found that book by Kathryn Kuhlman.
Billy gave it to us—or he didn't give it to us, he told us about it—the book by Kathryn Kuhlman that is 'Daughters of Destiny'.
Did I say it right?
I think Diana is going to have every highlight of this book, but she covers over it now.
'Daughters of Destiny' by Kathryn Kuhlman, right?
It's her autobiography, right?
It's probably in the car, son.
It's fine; I couldn't find it.
This book is amazing; it's going over...
I love to hear the struggle when you're going through ministry, and you're trying hard, and you learn from your elders, and you see things like Oral Roberts talking about things and you grab the nuggets.
And Diana has been reading this book to me every day, and I told her, 'Read it again.
Read it again.
Read these pages, because I want to learn.
' And there are so many of these nuggets in these pages that are just wow, you know.
So, I was just trying to show you Diana was at it.
Megan's crying.
I think she doesn't have her sound machine on.
But, all right, who wants to pray?
Y'all ready to pray tonight?
We'll pray and see where the Holy Spirit leads us.
Oh, here it is.
There you go.
Hi, baby.
Hi.
This is it.
This is the book.
I'm telling you, this is a wow.
I love it.
It talks about healings and things that happened.
And there are old pictures, really cool pictures of Sister Kuhlman in there, and it just talks about her, the stuff that you don't see on these old videos I find on YouTube.
I depend on YouTube so much for her.
And she's always wearing a white outfit and that bell-sleeve dress she wears, and she's real and goes across this platform and everything.
And in this, she talks about how she loves different colors.
And I said I've never seen her wear a lot of other colors, but I asked Billy about it.
I said, 'Billy, did Sister Kathryn wear a lot of different clothes?
' He said, 'Oh, Brandon, she loved all kinds of colors.
' And going to the mall—she loved to go to the mall.
And so, yeah, it's just fun.
Of course she's just human, but I honor the anointing on her life, like I do my friend Billy.
But, yeah, the elders, I try to at least listen a little bit.
You follow as you can.
People always want to say, 'Who are you accountable to, Brandon?
' People ask me that all the time.
'Who are you accountable to?
You have to be accountable to somebody.
' I say, 'Well, I'm accountable to my pastors.
I'm accountable to people that I submit to like Billy Burke and Billy Brim, and I listen as much as I can to these elderly people.
' And I'm a young guy; I'm just starting into this, but I'm going to tell you this: I'm hungrier now than I've ever been.
And I have more passion about the word of God and what is coming than I've ever had.
And I refuse to be a statistic in ministry.
I don't want to be like everybody else.
I want to be different and set apart, and I want to follow Him with all my heart in these last days, being led by His Spirit and just following the voice of God and staying on that alive well-branch.
You know, He is the vine, we are the branches, or vice versa, just being part of Him.
So, praise the Lord.
All right, let's go.
Let's pray.
Aren't you excited?
Do you ever get excited?
Do you think about things where we are, that we are the generation that won't taste death?
Don't allow the cares of this world to choke out the life inside of you.
Get excited about what God is doing in these last days, and that we get to be a part of it.
It just takes one spark to start a fire.
Father, we just thank You, Father, for tonight.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
We're expecting, Father; we're expecting something supernatural.
I thank You, Father, that we are overcomers, and we are yielded and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We're so thankful, Father, that we have been chosen for such a time as this.
And we believe, Father, that the expiration date to what we've been believing for is ours now.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Father, in the mighty name of Jesus, for healing, deliverance, and everything that You've provided for us in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we plead the blood.
We make much of the blood.
We apply the blood over us.
And it never loses its power.
It never loses its power.
Thank you, Father.
Uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I put angels all around about us tonight.
And we yield to the spirit of God.
We yield to you, Lord.
And we dip in that river.
We dip in the river and we apply the blood.
Satan, you're under our feet and we put a bloodline around about us.
And if there's anything you want to show us tonight, if there's anything you want to warn us about, we're here.
We are led by your spirit and we thank you Lord that we humble ourselves before you and we give you all the glory.
We give you all the honor and we give you all the praise and we stay in that river of life.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you Lord for what you did for us.
Amen.
And amen.
No matter if you've had a bad day, no matter if you've had a hard day at work or whatever, he's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He knows what you have need of before you even ask.
And there's some of you just say, "I just need a refreshing.
I just need a refreshing tonight.
" And I come to you in the name of Jesus.
I come to the garden alone.
Ain't that right?
While the dew is still on the roses and the voice I hear falling on my ear, the son of God discloses and He walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own.
And the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
And he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own.
And then I can hear it when Elvis sings it.
I come to the garden alone.
Elvis, he sings it good.
Father, we love you.
We worship you, Father.
Father, we thank you.
Hey, B, will you turn her sound machine on?
Father, we worship you.
I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the rose and the voice I hear falling on my ear.
The son of God discloses and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own.
Yep.
I see it.
I'm in the month of June of 2028.
I see on the news, I can see all that's going on.
The Lord said, "Dip in the river just a little bit more.
" You see, you can turn my fan on, son, if you need to.
She's having a hard time.
Thank you.
Holy, holy, holy are you.
What is it?
Last night I was singing a song.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
You are holy.
Holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
You are holy.
Holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
You are holy.
Holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord God Almighty reigns.
It's just so real.
The spirit realm is more real than the natural.
It's more real than, more tangible than the water in this book.
When you can tap into it and you see over and you see things to come.
When you're seeing into June of next year, two years from now.
It's been on my heart so strong.
Praying over President Trump, his legacy.
Praying over the ballroom.
Praying over these attacks that are coming, and praying over his future, praying over his children and the crypto and all that's about to happen with this new Clarity Act and all this stuff.
Save America Act failed.
They don't want it.
Mitch McConnell and these people praying for what God has called us to do in these last days.
And I realize it's not about saving America.
It's about having a revival in America to save the precious fruit.
But it's about the vast world that God is after.
Asia, South America, Africa, the Middle East.
There's so many people dying and going to hell.
But it's an American attitude of arrogance when He said, "Your nose is turned up before me, America.
" And there's so much an arrogance of pride that has set in upon the land, and I'm going to shake the church.
There's so much arrogance and there's so many good people in so many nations that email and, "Man, I'm watching you," and it's like, it's not America, it's the body of Christ.
There's so much pride in America, so much stench before the Lord, He tells me all the time, and yet you have your remnant that is just so on fire for Him.
There's some people that are really hungry, but for the majority, and that's what I just follow that leading of where He's at.
Where's the heartbeat right now?
Where are you at in all of this?
He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
"I'm cleaning," it's what He said.
"I'm cleaning my church right now.
I'm bringing the bride to my side.
" You're in the midst of it.
You see it.
1 Corinthians 5:5.
I can see right now.
I just had a glimpse and I saw again to pray for the 14th.
So, that's what we're going to do.
We're going to pray over the 14th.
We're going to pray over the "no kings" rallies in New York City, specifically fires and demonstrations of letting things get out.
Antifa, the people burning stuff.
No kings.
And the event for the soccer game on the 14th is in Dallas.
It's in Dallas Fort Worth.
It's at the Arlington Stadium, Cowboys.
And that's where the game is on the 14th on Trump's birthday.
I saw it on the schedule.
That's just for New York, but that's not all of them, baby.
So you can pray.
That's for the New York games.
So all the New York games are the 13th, 16th, 22nd, 25th, 27th, 30th of June, July 5th, July 19th is the World Cup final in New York City.
It will be on CBS.
So there's a lot of games.
The last game is July 19th while we're praying over these.
There's 78 games.
But this is what the Lord said: "Terror in the heartland.
" Praying over terror in the heartland.
Terror strikes again, the headlines in the newspaper.
We pray over every law enforcement.
We pray, we thank You, Lord, for all our sheriff's departments, FBI, Homeland Security, Secret Service, every tip, uncovering for mass transit.
Holy Spirit, We welcome you.
We push on the other side of this.
And another thing is, when you're leading, is what I've learned.
It's so much different when you're in your own private time talking to Him than when you're leading tens of thousands of people.
For some reason, the covering, the mantle changes between intimate and leading people.
Ain't it interesting, Braden?
Cuz even in the car, it's different when we are praying as a family and I'm leading in my house and I'm praying and I can see versus whenever I step in this position right here.
It's so different from the spiritual pull and the attack that I can feel from the occult watching, and you can feel it all out here.
The leading of it is totally different.
It's like tiptoeing on rice paper, and you can feel the difference and the mantle.
I don't know how to explain it, getting in that river like this, it's like leading so many people and pulling.
How many people are here right now?
6,800 pulling.
Almost 7,000 people pulling.
And the only way to know how to get over there in that part of it is to get in worship, is to push in worship.
But I've already been there.
So, we're going to just keep pushing on.
Father, we thank you, every single person, every single place across this nation concerning the "no kings" rally.
I see what I'm seeing right then.
I see people—and this is representation, doesn't mean they have to be wearing a black hoodie—but I see faces that are blacked out.
It's an underground network of people, almost like gangs, but these people are sent to cause groupthink like it is in Europe.
Paid demonstrators, paid protesters to cause escalation with rioting, burning of cars, burning of buildings.
It's okay to protest.
You can have peaceful protests, but I see bad actors in these protests trying to influence rioting groups.
There are like 12 of them in a circle.
I see that if they can try to stop the prayer, they stop what's going to happen in the spirit.
I see it—the importance of what God is doing.
They try to stop the people.
So the enemy will try to bring in dry times.
I see dry times.
I see spells that are conjured up with dry times coming against the bride to pray.
It looks like ink in water, like an octopus when they spray out the ink.
That's what I see when it comes to prayer.
It's coming against the prayer time.
I see it's witchcraft causing dryness to not overcome the dryness to come out, so you get discouraged and quit.
God said, "I've called my people to come up higher.
You must come up higher in your prayers with me.
Soar above the ink.
Soar above this in the spirit realm.
There's much more.
Come up to the throne of God.
Come up higher where the fire...
" That's what the Lord said.
But that's called praying through.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
The Lord said, "Find it.
" Agitators—that's what they are.
They're agitating it.
The agitators are in it, agitating in the spirit to agitate it.
Notice there are levels of it.
And I see Tampa today.
I see Tampa highlighted.
Pray over the No Kings Rally in Tampa.
You're free of this.
There will be great distractions coming.
You need to hear this.
He said there are great distractions coming.
This is very...
I'm looking at Zelensky, but this is something I'm pushing above, and I can see it.
There are great distractions coming.
Yes, He said, "Great political theater.
" It's going to be great political theater.
Help me to get in there, Lord.
I see Zelensky.
I see the meetings.
I'm hearing, "Help me.
" I want to hear what they said in there.
I hear the king.
It's the spider weaving a web.
I see a black widow spider weaving a web over Europe.
This is interesting.
Every single point of a nation is being weaved in a web.
You see, when it happens in a web, you have to have strategic places on the web that make the web strong.
The spider puts it in one corner, and another corner, and another corner, and another corner.
It's what makes the web strong.
And I see a web that's being made right now in meetings.
A web is being made, and a black widow is making the web.
But the black widow has the most shiny paint on this black.
You know when a black surface is mirrored, the black of the butt of the spider is so mirrored.
Black onyx is on this spider's butt, where the spider shoots out the web.
The spider is black, but it's like a shiny surface like onyx.
It almost looks mirrored.
It's about money.
Poland, Romania...
That's just...
It's a big clock, Braden.
It looks like Big Ben, but it's so black on it, and the time is chimed.
Que Sera, Sera—whatever will be, will be.
Do you hear me?
Yes, the future is ours.
I see the clock.
There's a great distraction coming on the clock.
And they sing in Europe, "Que Sera, Sera—whatever will be, will be.
" Do you hear me?
I hear women's voices, and they're singing this over Europe, and that's the attitude.
But the time on Big Ben, there's a distraction within.
I see a blackness on this clock.
A blackness has set in on the clock.
And on the time, it looks like a full moon, and the face of the clock is shining like a full moon, and I hear, "Que Sera, Sera—whatever will be, will be.
" I see the sea in Ukraine, on the map.
And there's a blackness and there's a darkness on this with Turkey.
And I see an earthquake coming.
Tell her to stop.
Even the water is dark and moving, and it looks like onyx.
But the face of the clock is shining throughout the land.
I see a big face that looks like a moon on these dark structures and a shaking.
A shaking in the ground, a shaking in the earth, a shaking in the crust, a shaking in the Catholic Church.
The attitude is "Que Sera, Sera—whatever will be, will be.
" And it's going to shake it.
I see a plan by the king.
I see a plan by Zelensky.
I see a plan by these leaders of these nations.
Oh, it's a dark plan.
It looks like the Baltic.
It's the same as World War II.
And I see Canada is involved in this, but the darkness is only over Toronto.
I see darkness on Toronto as I'm looking over Buckingham, as I'm looking over England, as I'm looking over France, as I'm looking over Germany.
It's with the leaders.
They're planning something.
"Come up higher.
" And with your food...
I see with the food.
There's something with the food, with the beef.
It's that virus.
It's the virus.
I see the virus, Braden.
That's what it is.
That's the black death.
Do you see?
Do you hear me?
It's the black on the buildings.
I said, "Lord, what is it?
" "Come up higher," He said.
It's the virus, a plague.
War and plagues and famine go hand in hand—war and plagues and financial famine.
A restructure is coming.
A storm in New York, a financial storm.
I see a financial storm on the buildings.
The same black that is on Europe is on America's financial buildings, on New York's Times Square.
I see JP Morgan.
I see BlackRock.
I see Bank of America.
I see Wells Fargo.
I see them.
Do you know what a mime looks like, Braden?
It's the black, the white face on a mime, the black and white, the black hat, white face, black stuff on the cheeks.
It's a mime.
They're mimes.
It's the black on the buildings.
There's a mime.
It's a distraction.
There's a distraction coming.
It's in France.
It's the mimes, the black and white.
Black and white.
There is a mime.
He doesn't say anything, but he is moving his hands.
And the mimes are moving across the land—a distraction with your food, with your water, with war, with the plague.
And it is going to go down in Mexico.
It will try to spread into Mexico.
It will spread in Europe and in Asia.
It's the ladies, you know, the ladies with the black hair who paint their faces to look like porcelain dolls.
I see Asian women dressed up like porcelain dolls.
They have black hair with long dresses with flowers, and they have their faces painted.
I see them in Asia.
It's not mimes in Asia.
It's women dressed up with black hair, and they have a kimono on—it's like a dress, and they are all over Asia.
This is what's a distraction in Asia; I see this in the vision.
The Lord said, 'Come up higher.
Come up higher, Brandon.
' Help me, Lord.
Help me, Holy Spirit.
I want to go up higher.
I see it.
What's this on the land?
It's not 'whatever will be, will be.
' That's what they want to tell you.
'Come up higher.
Come up higher.
' He says, 'Come up higher.
There's much to see.
' I see Zelensky, Lord.
He's dressed in black.
I see him, Lord, around the moon.
It's about the Pergamon Altar and Balak.
It's about the Pergamon Altar, and I see this devil.
They're not resisting it; they're summoning it.
They're calling it forth.
War, war, war.
I see it again.
I see the Hitler, Nazi flag, the swastika, as a Batman symbol over Europe.
I see the Hitler flag, that swastika, as a bat signal over Europe.
You hear me?
There is a very dark plan that has been discussed these last couple of days.
There is a darkness you must know.
You must go higher to expose the plans behind.
Come up higher.
There's much to see.
There are too many distractions yet.
As you see China and North Korea today, it's about North Korea.
Do you hear me?
It's about North Korea.
It's about China.
It's the painted faces; it's distractions.
And Russia, Russia, Russia.
They are at the door.
They come.
It's a darkness trying to set on the land, but the light of the church—if you all really truly knew how close we are to tribulation.
This is what I'm seeing, and I'm trying to tell you.
We are so close to tribulation.
I see the black on the buildings.
That means we're so close to Jesus's return.
I see the King of England.
I see him doing something.
It's him.
It's the lizard people, these dark, dark people.
I told you he would turn into a scorpion in the days ahead.
The Lord said, 'I told you, Braden, he would turn into a scorpion in the days ahead.
' Okay, so on this, what I see right now, I see—you know whenever you see a puddle of water on the street and big raindrops start hitting the puddle and it starts causing splashes?
This is what I see upon the black onyx.
The street is completely like black onyx, but there are splashes of water.
The splashes are actually a white color.
The rain is a white splash making the black onyx move.
It's fear.
It's fear for London.
It's that attitude of 'whatever will be, will be.
' He is going to shake it.
It's when good people sit by and allow evil to take over and do nothing.
I see His shaking across the land.
I see His shaking on the soil.
I see His shaking in the churches.
It will seem like it's darkness, but it will be the light.
I see light.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on you and me.
Great distractions in America.
They'll try to distract you from shore to shore.
They'll try to distract you with fear.
They'll try to manipulate you with fear.
Come up higher.
Come near in the cleft of the rock, in the cleft of my rock.
That's where I desire for you to come—higher in the cleft of the rock.
The distractions...
I see it again.
I see an American flag burning toward the east.
He is preparing alliances.
Do you hear me?
Zelensky is making alliances.
'I don't need America; I need alliances.
' Do you hear me?
Come up higher.
I'm fighting with all I have, Lord, to get up there.
I see a dark plan, a web, a spider's web, being set in motion.
Pray for this.
I see Kate, and her body—Kate, pink.
That's all I will say.
Pink for Kate.
This is serious.
It's around her stomach.
Kate has a pink bow around her waist, around her uterus.
Oh man, I plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes.
I bind witchcraft in the name of Jesus.
When I'm praying for the royals, I see George, the little boy.
I see him as a young man.
He looks about 17 or 18 years old.
His eyes are like onyx.
He has a cloak on that is as black as onyx.
It's actually wrapping him.
Oh Lord, save that family.
This looks a lot like Harry Potter, you know, that same spirit, like Hogwarts.
Braden, there's something like that.
I'm looking at that little boy.
I see the devil himself after him.
I see Satan, and I see him in England.
We plead the blood of Jesus over that little boy.
Satan, you will not have him.
I call him to Jesus.
No matter what I see around this boy, I thank You that he will not be this, that he'll know Jesus, that he'll have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus.
Same with Kate, William, all of them, the little girl.
I pray over that family that they will have a radical visitation from You, Lord.
I don't care what the devil's plan is for that king—the scorpion.
They're trying to summon Moloch, this demonic spirit, with a Hitler...
It's war.
It's demonic.
And I see flashes of light racing across the skies at night, like you've seen over Israel.
I see it over Europe, and Turkey will come to their aid—to Russia.
I see Turkey coming to the aid of Russia, and they're closing off that.
Remember when I told you he comes like a vampire?
The Dardanelles Strait.
Turkey will come to their aid, Russia.
They'll control the waterways, but they're going to help Russia.
I see Turkey going with Russia, but they'll leave NATO.
They'll have to.
I'm looking at it very closely, and I can see Turkey blocking off the straits, the waterways, so that you can't get into this ocean to fight.
They're going to beat their war drums.
They'll try to rise up the darkness.
Distractions will come.
I see the alien files.
I see distractions will come, distracting the masses.
Distracting the masses is their whole plan—food, plague, war, financial stuff.
Alliances are being made.
I want to push into this a little bit more, y'all, to get to here.
In the natural, I don't get here very often when I'm seeing like this, but I pause, and He keeps pausing visions in front of me, and I see it, and I'm able to look into it.
Usually, it's about America, but this is about Europe, so I'm really interested in it.
If He'll allow me to keep seeing, He says, 'Come up higher.
There's much more to see.
You've been behind.
' He corrected me concerning this thing.
Lord, I come up higher.
What is the basis?
He says of the song, 'Que Sera, Sera, whatever will be, will be.
' I hear them singing again when I got quiet.
What is it?
Is it a rebellion, like an 'I don't care' attitude, like 'whatever will be, will be'?
But it's over Europe.
And I see uprisings as they're taking their freedoms away.
And I see ladies with those milkmaid outfits on in Sweden, you know, like with the skirts that go to their knees with the—they look like Swedish, like the overalls for women, like Swiss Miss, like the hot chocolate stuff.
The window of opportunity is coming to a close.
The windows of opportunity are coming to a close.
You must work while it is day, for night is coming.
The window of opportunity is coming to a close.
Work while it is day, for night is coming.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Y'all don't realize how close tribulation is.
Jesus Christ is coming, and there's so many asleep, and He's going to shake the land.
I see His shaking.
I see the church bells ringing.
I see the church bells glowing again right now.
I see the church bells ringing, and the church bells will start to ring, and the pews are darkened with darkness inside of the pews, and the light is coming inside of the church.
There's cobwebs and tumbleweeds outside of the buildings.
It looks like sage grass is growing up on the side of these buildings.
And I see the church, and the church bells are beginning to ring.
And you're about to hear the church choirs sing, 'For the coming of the Lord is at hand.
' 'And I'm going to shake this land one more time.
A great harvest of souls.
' And I hear the church bells ringing across the land and Europe.
And where there is darkness, the church bells were so darkened, the steeple was so darkened, but I see a glory of the Lord shining on the church bells.
And they're ringing, and they're ringing.
And I hear the church bells ringing across the land.
And the church is becoming alive.
A shaking to an awaking is coming across the land.
He's going to shake the church.
He's going to shake the complacency.
It's not whatever will be, will be.
There's a shaking coming to the church.
It's all across the land.
It's all across Europe.
It's all across Africa.
I hear the church bells ringing, but they're glowing with a glow of the glory.
And there's beautiful writing on the side of that.
I see it's in calligraphy.
It's a beautiful writing on the church bell.
And it looks like, you know, whenever you do a ribbon, it goes like this, like one of those ribbons, and it goes out and it's like a swirl like this.
And there's writing on it.
Lord, why did You black out that lighting?
I can't see it.
They're going bong, bong, bong, bong, bong.
They're waking.
The church bells are ringing.
The church bells are ringing across the land.
The church bells are ringing, old big brass bells, huge brass bells in the church tower.
And I hear a bong, bong, bong, bong.
They're singing, 'Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
' I can hear them singing that in the churches.
'Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
' And they're singing that in the choir, but I can hear those bells ringing up there, and they're ringing across Europe.
There's a shaking.
There's a shaking coming.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
That song, son.
Hallelujah.
It's not everywhere.
The Lord said, 'It is not everywhere.
This is in a select few.
' It's the remnant.
'The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
' I told you.
' He says, 'It's not everywhere.
I'm giving you a window.
Look at the scripture.
Work while it is day, for the night is coming.
' Oh, Father, here am I, Lord, send me.
Here am I, Lord, send me.
John 9:4: 'I must work the works of Him that sent me while it is day; the night comes when no man can work.
' He's given us a window.
He says, 'What will you do with the window I've given you?
I must work the works of Him that sent me while it is day.
The night comes when no man can work.
' That's what He's saying.
Do you hear me?
This is what I see upon the land.
Braden, I see the church bells ringing in select churches, and the call for salvation is at hand.
The call of repentance is at hand.
Will you hear the bells ringing across the land?
For we must work the work of Him that sent me.
While it is day, the night comes when no man can work.
We're running out of time, church.
I'm looking at something so dark.
But the church has a window and a remnant for the greatest harvest of souls, for it is vast.
And it is the goodness of God that brings man to repentance.
And you're going to see the church bells, and you're going to hear the church bells, and you're going to see the glorious church rise.
And it looked like a little church.
I'm telling you, it's beautiful churches.
It looked like an old country church, a Brush Arbor Church.
It's symbolic.
He said, 'I've given you a window.
What will you do with it?
You're running out of time.
' John 9:4 should be written on everything you have.
I'm not into tattoos, but have it written on your hand like you read it all the time: 'I must work the works of Him that sent me while it is day.
The night comes when no one can work.
' Use us, Lord, to bring in this harvest.
If people really knew how close we were.
I could see that clock.
Big Ben looked like a moon.
What is that?
Why?
It's the clock.
We're at the midnight hour.
We're at the midnight hour, Braden.
I feel His presence so strong.
You must know we're at the midnight hour.
A distraction is coming.
As they implement their plans across the land, distractions are coming.
I refuse to fear.
That's what you have to say.
Why?
Because the glory of the Lord is near.
It's on us.
We're about to see the glory.
I told you it would be just like a quarter.
It's that thin.
It's your choice what you look at every day.
I choose to look at the good.
Whatsoever things are good, whatsoever pure, whatsoever things are of a good report, I'll think on these things.
But you can choose to look at the dark just as much as you can choose to look at the light.
A quarter is that thin.
There's two sides to a quarter.
The glorious church is going to rise, and the darkness is going to be labor pains.
It never said it was going to stop so you could have your party in your revival.
Do you understand?
It's going to coexist.
The light's going to get lighter, and the dark's going to get darker.
What's your choice?
What are you going to look at?
The darkness on the land or the church?
What are we doing with this window of opportunity?
Well, Brandon, you say there's going to be a great revival.
Yes.
Both can happen at the exact same time.
Birthing pains don't stop, ladies and gentlemen.
You're going to see the glory, and you're going to see the darkest of the dark: war, famine, pestilence, plagues, things that are of a biblical proportion, labor pains.
As Matthew 24, you're going to see it, the beginning of sorrows.
It's happening right now.
But the church, the blood-bought church, the bells are ringing, for it's the goodness of God that brings men to repentance.
And He's given us a window.
What will you do with this window?
I must work the works of Him that sent me while it is day; the night comes when no man can work.
That's where we are right now.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, why are you yelling?
' Because you need to understand a shaking.
I'm seeing it right now.
I see it.
A shaking's coming.
A distraction's coming.
They're going to try to distract you over here with fear.
Fear, fear, fear.
Look, fear, fear, fear.
The sky is falling.
You're going to see volcanoes and earthquakes and pestilence and wars and all these things.
But what do we do as the church?
We are in the cleft of the rock, and we're telling the people, 'Come to church.
Come with us.
We can pray for you.
You're seeing signs and wonders, glorious outpouring.
' We're done.
Do you understand?
Jesus is coming.
And there's so many people that are going, 'I don't know what we're waiting on.
What are we looking at?
What are we doing?
' And I'm like, man, this is it.
We're seeing it.
It's the beginning.
We're about to see the first domino.
Something major is about to happen.
He said, 'I'm going to shake my church.
I'm bringing—this is 2026.
' He said, 'I'm going to do 1 Corinthians 5:5.
I'm bringing the bride to my side.
' There's a lot of people whose noses are turned up toward me, Brandon, and, 'I'm going to wake up my church, and my remnant that are already awake will be hitting a cliff.
I will protect you.
' I go, 'Glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
' But if you are asleep and you're not awake, you better wake up.
It's not que sera, sera, whatever will be, will be.
Isn't that interesting how I could hear them singing that?
Yeah.
It sounded like rebellion, you know, like, 'We don't care.
' Yeah.
It's like they're saying they don't care.
'We don't care.
Whatever will be, will be.
We don't care.
You take away our rights and freedom.
You make digital currency.
You make it where we have no freedom of religion.
' Well, que sera, sera.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake that mentality.
I'm shaking it.
You're running out of time.
I'm shaking the Catholic Church, the Protestants, all of you.
You're going to see a great revival, y'all.
But it's going to come with just a handful of us that are awake.
' It's heavy what I see tonight.
He said, 'Come up tonight, Brandon.
' I could hear Him.
He said, 'There's much to see.
There's something going on right now of Zelensky.
' We pray for Kate to be healed completely and to be in remission.
We pray for Kate.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
No.
What?
Oh, it's three hours.
I got lost in that.
Praise the Lord.
The church bells are ringing.
Are you listening to the sound of the heartbeat of the Father tonight?
The church bells are ringing, ladies and gentlemen.
Across the land of Europe, there's an evil, dark plan.
But the church has an opportunity.
What will you do with the time He's given you?
It's not whatever will be, will be.
It's time we get a backbone like a crowbar and take this land for Jesus and tell the people, just like it was in the days of Noah.
He warned them and warned them that something was coming.
And they were all like, 'Oh, we've never seen that before.
Whatever, Noah, you're crazy.
You crazy old man.
' But when that first drop of rain hit their head and the hand of the Lord shut that ark—bam!
—they were going, 'What was that?
I heard something slam.
' Yeah, it's the ark door.
Then they knew they were in trouble.
As in the days of Noah, so will it be.
That's where we are right now.
There's many of you saying, 'que sera, sera, whatever will be, will be.
Brandon, I ain't worried about it.
Status quo.
We'll just keep going on.
No matter how dark it gets, it doesn't matter to me.
' But there is a remnant of you.
There is a remnant of you that have their eyes open and you know the sign.
The fig tree is ripe.
The harvest is plentiful.
The Lord showed us—I mean, like four or five videos ago, the Lord showed us that fig tree, and those figs were huge, and they were ripe and ready to eat.
It's time.
And I pray tonight that you're stirred inside, knowing where we are.
If you're here tonight, I'll give an altar call.
I feel there could be some of you, even if there's just one or two.
If you don't know my friend Jesus tonight, your night—there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
And I want to say a simple prayer with you.
And if you want to get real with God, you say, 'Brandon, pray for me.
I need help.
I don't want to keep living this way.
I don't want to go down the pit of destruction.
I don't want to go the wrong way.
I want to come to Jesus tonight.
I want to give my heart to Jesus.
I hear the church bells.
I know there's something happening.
' I'm telling you, there's a great distraction coming, a great darkness that's going to try to deceive many.
But tonight's your night you can come to Jesus Christ and you can come into that cleft of the rock.
He'll hide you in the shadow of His wings, and He'll protect you.
And I believe you'll be the loudest voice, just like Billy Graham was, to lead many to Jesus.
You're not here by accident; you're here by design.
God brought you here tonight, and I believe that now is the day.
Today is the day of salvation.
Tonight is the night.
Say this prayer with me just real quickly.
Just say this prayer.
And I believe as you say this with all your heart, I believe you're saved.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me, and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner, and I need a savior.
I repent of my sins.
I ask you to make me new tonight, Lord, as I repent.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on sin, and I dedicate my life to you from now on forevermore.
Lord, I'll serve you.
' I'm seeing something right now again.
'I turn my back on the world and the devil and the things that I was doing, and I'll serve you with all my heart.
Thank you, Lord, that if I die today, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord, because I believe you are the Son of God and I believe I am today born again.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Amen and amen.
' Glory to God.
I believe if you said that prayer, you are born again and, behold, all things are new.
Thank you for coming tonight.
I'm so excited.
If you could tell us in the comment section right now, 'I just got born again tonight.
I gave my heart to Jesus Christ.
' What do you do?
I want you to tell us in the description.
Find a Bible-believing church, for one, and get plugged in there.
Get water-baptized.
Get plugged in and read your Bible every day.
If you don't have a Bible, email us in the description down below and put in the headline your name, your address, and say, 'I got born again watching you.
' And I like my free Bible.
I give you a free Bible just for coming here tonight and saying the sinner's prayer.
My nose is itching.
Excuse me.
I'm looking at Epcot right now, and I see America at Epcot.
And if anybody knows, they've been to Epcot at Disney World, you know what I'm talking about.
I see America.
I see something with this.
It's the 250 years, Braden.
It's the beginning of 1776.
Do you get that?
1776.
Something around, it's poor.
I've given you time and time again to come to me.
The 250th anniversary.
Yep.
I see the Mount of Olives shaking.
The Mount of Olives is going to have a major earthquake.
It's symbolic of America.
A shaking in America, a shaking in the heart of America is Israel.
Jerusalem, oh Jerusalem.
I thank you Lord.
We grieve not the Spirit of the Lord.
We grieve you not, Lord, tonight.
We grieve you not, Holy Spirit.
We grieve you not, Lord.
You know, I just can't let it go.
I see such a shaking.
I see something major is about to take place.
It's like a first domino, a major domino.
It's to do with America.
Something is about to happen.
Thank you, Lord.
It's interesting, isn't it?
I'll let you all go.
God bless you all.
Thank you for being here tonight.
The weight of His glory.
The weight of His glory on Branson.
Something major is about to happen in Branson.
I'm looking at the revival right now.
Something major is coming to Branson.
Something major is coming to Minnesota.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
We love you all.
God bless you.
Thank you for being here tonight.
We pray you got blessed, and I don't know what to say to it, I really don't, other than just to end it.
You just, like Brother Hagin always says, sometimes you just got unhook.
But it took a while to get there tonight.
And once I got there, I'm looking over at all this, and it's pretty amazing where we are.
I get excited about it, but at the same time, I know what kind of responsibility we have and what a vast responsibility He's given us to be the closers.
God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you.
Have a wonderful night.
Bye-bye.